[soft dramatic music]
♪
- My husband's screwing
a 22-year-old,
and he looks at me like
he's ready to buy my casket.
And my sidepiece just wants
to talk about the men
that want to kill us,
so yeah, everything's great.
- Sidepiece?
- Plaything?
- No.
- Handler?
- [scoffs]
- Kept man?
[speaking Spanish]
- [laughs]
No.
- Lover?
[gentle music]
- That's better.
♪
It's just
a little while longer,
and you'll be free.
♪
[knock at door]
- What are you doing here?
♪
- Gloria Perez, Chicago PD.
You're under arrest.
I need you to back up,
turn around,
hands behind your back
right now.
- You try to hide it,
but you can't.
You're just like me.
♪
- You're sleeping
with a cooperating informant.
That is official misconduct.
You don't just lose your job.
You go to prison.
- We grew up the same.
We're the same.
- Dante, it stops.
♪
[engine turns over]
- It was real, right?
♪
[speaking Spanish]
- I lied to my sergeant.
I lied to my unit.
My mother.
Everyone.
I thought I'd moved on, but...
it feels like
it's all coming back.
Thou shalt not bear
false witness.
- That's a big one.
Eso sí.
Dante, did you love this woman?
This whole problem
began with love.
We can agree
that Jesus was OK with love.
- [chuckles]
- [speaking Spanish]
- Sí.
- And the people you lied to?
You love them?
Your mother, your coworkers?
- Sí.
- You were trying
to protect them.
- I'm police to do good,
to make up for what I've done.
Instead I'm--
- Did you think
it would be easy, huh, mijo?
- I thought I'd be better.
- How are your Ecclesiastes
these days?
- Only OK.
- Chapter 7, verse 20,
"Surely there's not
a righteous man on Earth
who does good and never sins."
You do a lot of good, Dante.
Forgive yourself,
and God will too.
Recite
the Act of Contrition tonight.
Have faith in God.
Look to Him.
He will guide you.
- [breathes deeply]
- Give thanks,
for the Lord is good.
- His mercy endures forever.
- God has freed you
from your sins.
Go in peace.
Say hi to your mom for me.
- [chuckles]
[phone buzzes]
- Hey, Kim.
Leaving church.
Yeah, what's up?
[engine revving]
Thanks.
[indistinct radio chatter]
What'd we get?
- Drive-by. Thanks.
- Hey.
I knew him.
That's Felipe Roca.
- He ran with Perez, right?
- Yeah.
- I thought so.
He's not indexed.
- So this was his corner, huh?
- From what I heard
on the street so far,
it looks like Felipe was
frozen out
by whoever's running
Los Arucos,
so he was slinging here again.
- And they killed him for it.
- They did.
- Wait.
Why--why are we taking this?
- Voight said
we cleared this territory once,
we do it again.
He wants to shut down
Los Arucos,
so it's ours.
[suspenseful music]
♪
- [speaking Spanish]
- Señora...
- OK. Lexus negro.
- OK.
[speaking Spanish]
- [speaking Spanish]
Muchas gracias, señora.
- Gracias.
[indistinct chatter]
Store owner got a partial
on the shooter's vehicle.
It was a black Lexus.
- OK, and the shooter?
- She didn't see him.
- What about
these shell casings?
- It's a 10-mil.
It's on its way to the lab.
- 10-mil?
All right, Kim,
you run the scene.
And get someone with Narcotics.
I want to know everything
there is to know
about this DTO.
- OK.
- Dante, have CPIC run
that partial.
Let's go.
- Los Arucos,
they keep a very tight lid.
We don't know too much yet.
Narcotics has been able to ID
a few of the lower level
players.
The big guys are Juan Fernandez
and Aaron Padilla.
They got pretty good alibis.
They were both spotted
on bus cams
during the time of the shoot.
- Narcotics has done
a few UC buys.
Apparently, the dope this crew
was running, real pure.
So it's got to be coming
directly from a supplier
in Mexico.
- All right.
What about the leader, Zibata?
- Word is he took over
Perez's territory
a block at a time.
We have no real name
or description for Zibata.
- Zibatá's a--it's a town
in Mexico, actually,
where our former CI, Gloria,
she was born there.
- Huh.
- Really?
Perez's wife?
- Yeah. Yeah.
It's--population, like, 2,000.
It could be
a coincidence, but--
- Well, what happened to Gloria
after Perez was killed?
- I don't know.
- Well, run her.
She might still be in town.
- Hey.
We got a lead
from a PO at Midway.
Got a hit on our partial.
The shooter's Lexus was stolen
from the parking lot.
- Huh.
- Look at that, Vector 10-mil.
- Hmm.
- Got to be our shooter.
- Wait, wait. Run it back.
Freeze it. There.
Run facial rec.
- OK.
[phone buzzes]
Here we go.
Jose Canto, 20.
No sheet.
- Hmm.
- I got Jose Canto.
Looks like he attended
Lakeside University,
got straight A's...
- Huh.
- And dropped out
six months ago.
Last known was in a dorm room.
- Find him.
- Yup.
- I got to do a personal run,
but I'll be back in 20.
[tense music]
♪
[line trills]
Yo.
Saw your text.
Did you find her?
It doesn't matter
why I'm interested.
- I canceled a trip
to Mackinac to help
your sorry Guatemalan ass.
[engine turns over]
And you won't tell me why?
- Nope.
- I should have flunked you
out of the Academy.
She's in Little Italy.
She's using
her sister's first name
and her maiden name,
Vivian Salazar.
- What's the address?
♪
[door clicks]
Gloria.
- Dante?
- Hey.
You look good.
- You look good too.
- This is a nice place.
Long way from Tacos Del Pueblo.
- Oh.
[chuckles]
It's not too long.
I still go there all the time.
- Yeah.
- What are you doing here?
- I was working
a carjacking case
nearby last week,
and I thought I saw you,
so I came back.
- So you're stalking me?
- [chuckles]
Maybe.
How've you been?
- I've been--
I've been enjoying my freedom.
Honestly, I'm still trying
to figure stuff out,
but I've been volunteering.
I'm taking cooking classes.
I'm like an 18-year-old
that's just figuring out
what she wants,
but it's--but it's good.
It's good. It's good.
- Good.
[phone buzzing]
That's good.
♪
- Were you really just
checking in on me?
[phone buzzing]
- Couldn't really help it.
- Well, that's my ride.
[sighs]
Mm.
It was really good
to see you...
Dante.
- You too.
♪
[engine revving]
- Everything all right?
- Yeah.
What do we have?
- I got a lead
on our suspected shooter,
Jose Canto.
A student at Lakeside said
he sometimes crashes
at his sister Nora's house.
It's right up there.
- Nora in the game?
- No.
She's a pediatrician.
No sheet.
- Burgess, we're a minute out.
- Copy you.
We'll hold anchor
on 45th Street.
I got you.
You doing all right
with all this?
- Yeah.
- More, please.
- Gloria and I moved on,
you know,
so she wanted a fresh start.
She's not involved in this.
- A DTO
run by someone named Zibata
took over all the same
territory Perez ran.
Perez's wife from Zibatá,
population zero and change,
used to run drug drops
on those same streets.
And you think
that's all a coincidence?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- God,
I hope you're right, Dante,
because if your relationship
with her ever got out...
- I'd go to prison.
- Yeah, but so do I.
I covered for you.
It'd be both of us.
Hey.
House is right up there.
You cover the back.
We'll get the front?
- Copy that.
- Let's go.
[knocks]
- Yes?
- Detective Burgess,
Chicago PD.
Are you Nora Canto?
- Yeah. What's going on?
- We're looking
for your brother, Jose.
Is he here?
- No.
Is he in trouble?
- No, we just want
to talk to him.
You mind if we take
a look around?
- I do, actually.
- So where's Jose living now?
- I don't know.
Jose bounces around a lot.
- What kind of car
do you drive, Nora?
- A Honda Civic. Why?
- Who drives the Lexus?
- Um... that's just a friend's.
- Nora,
I'm gonna shoot you straight.
Your brother's a suspect
in a murder.
So if you're lying to me
or if you're hiding him,
you become complicit.
I strongly advise
you let us in right now.
- He's in the guest room.
- Move.
[suspenseful music]
♪
[whispers]
Torres.
♪
Chicago PD!
- Turn around!
Turn around! Turn around!
Turn around!
- OK, OK!
- Do not talk!
Turn around!
Hands behind your back!
- Offender in custody.
- What's going on?
- Copy you, Burge.
- Stay still.
- What's going on?
- Shut up. Don't talk.
Look down.
- Please,
I really don't feel so good.
- You shouldn't.
- It's my stomach. Please.
- We'll be there soon.
- My stomach is burning.
I need to get out.
Let me out!
[gasping]
- Whoa.
- Hey.
- [gagging]
[glass shatters]
- Whoa, whoa. Torres!
- [gagging]
- I got him.
I got him.
Head to Med.
[tires squealing]
♪
- 5021 Ocean, notify Med
we're inbound with a prisoner
who's seizing.
[indistinct radio chatter]
- I've got you.
I've got you.
- Can we get
some help here, please?
Get some help here.
- I got the call.
- Come on, come on.
Stay with me.
- Come on. Come on.
- Let's get him on the gurney.
- Yeah, yeah. Help. Help.
Here.
Grab him. Grab him. Grab him.
There we go.
- Move. Move. Move.
We got it. We got it.
Coming in.
- Step aside there.
♪
- Jose Canto didn't make it.
Doctors say he was poisoned.
- Poisoned?
- Yeah, tox panel confirms that
it was a drug called thallium.
Arucos was tying up
a loose end.
- Huh.
- Techs found traces
of the poison
in a beer bottle
at his sister's.
No prints on it.
- Any evidence
his sister was involved?
- No.
The timeline doesn't match.
Nora was at work all day.
Thallium is a rat poison.
It takes six hours
to kill a person.
Canto must have
invited a friend over,
drank a beer, watched TV.
- OK, we got PODs or cams
to prove that?
- No.
- Hey.
We recovered the stolen Lexus.
Five blocks from Nora's house.
Vector 10-mil was in the trunk.
Riflings are a match
to the slugs
recovered from Felipe's body.
So Canto was
definitely our shooter,
and he was ordered to do it.
Techs got into his phone.
He was sent coded messages
with the address
to Felipe's corner
and the OK to shoot.
- Texts were sent
from a burner?
- Yeah. Yeah.
So no leads yet.
- Hmm.
OK, so Canto was
a straight-A student,
got no sheet, got no gang ties.
How the hell does he become
a hit man for a DTO?
Get Nora Canto in here.
She's got to know more
about her little brother.
- I'm sorry for your loss,
Nora.
- No, you're not.
[sobs]
Don't give me that.
You think Jose was a murderer.
- We don't think that.
We know that.
- [sobs]
- Jose stole a car
and shot a drug dealer.
[tense music]
He was ordered to do it.
- Ordered?
- We think he was working
for a gang called Los Arucos.
- No.
No, my brother is a good kid.
He's--he's a college student.
- He was a college student.
He dropped out six months ago
and fell off the map.
Did something happen to him?
♪
- What happened, Nora?
- It's a--
he just started a job
six months ago.
He was different,
started flexing and...
talking like he was street.
- Where was the job?
- Mexican restaurant
in Humboldt Park.
♪
- Mercado del Mar.
Our shooter Jose Canto,
he worked there for six months.
- Asset Forfeiture says
it's owned by a shell company,
a shell company
that's impossible to trace,
and they're fattening
their books
to cover their drug proceeds.
- So it's a front.
- Yeah, they advertise
their food
as authentic ingredients
shipped in from Mexico weekly,
which is a perfect way
to smuggle in narcotics.
- Yeah, but believe it or not,
it gets better.
Five of these employees
are NADDIS positive,
according to the DEA database.
One of them is from
Zibatá, Mexico.
- Who?
- Hector Lozano.
- That's got to be our leader,
ordered the hits
on Felipe and Canto.
- Dig into him and get eyes
on that restaurant.
Let's find
some actual evidence.
- Mm-hmm.
- You with me?
- Yeah.
- Adam, 7, 9,
David, David, Frank.
Illinois passenger.
- OK.
OK, it comes back
to a Thomas Moorehead,
an electrician from Skokie.
- Hmm.
- I gotta tell you,
for a drug crew,
they run a popular joint.
They've got a bunch
of five-star Yelp reviews.
- We need eyes inside anyway.
Should we go see
what all the fuss is about?
- Yes, please. I'm starving.
- Kev, we're gonna go
take a look inside.
- Copy you, Burge.
[upbeat music playing]
- Your starter.
[speaking Spanish]
- Thank you.
♪
- Five stars?
[laughs]
It's good?
- Yeah.
Whoa.
[camera clicks]
- Oh, hell no.
- What?
- Is that--
[tense music]
♪
[phone buzzing]
- What's up?
- Burgess, get out.
Get out right now.
- Why?
- Gloria's here.
Use the front entrance
and get out.
- Are you sure?
- Hi.
Thank you for coming
in such short notice.
[speaking Spanish]
♪
- So we've got two people from
Zibatá, Hector and Gloria.
Odds are, one of them
is the leader of the DTO
who ordered those hits.
- Did they know each other
in Zibatá?
- We did some digging on that.
Hector and Gloria both went
to the same high school.
They both grew up dirt poor.
- Gloria moved
to the U.S. in 2005.
Hector has only been
here for six months.
Somehow,
he's already got papers.
- We got an address
on Gloria yet?
- Yeah, we followed her home
last night.
She lives alone
in Little Italy.
She's got a nice place, too,
probably paid for by the DTO.
- Which means we got nothing.
No evidence.
No evidence who's actually
running this damn thing,
who ordered the hit,
how they did it.
Nothing.
I say we go under,
but Kiana's our only option.
Gloria would recognize
the rest of us.
- I'm game.
- OK.
All right,
let's work low to high.
You got a cousin
in the Gangster Prophets.
He needs product.
Use that.
Kim, you and Dante handle Cook.
Let's go.
[suspenseful music]
- You good?
♪
- Hey.
Come here.
[gate creaks]
Take a breath.
We need to work together
to protect ourselves
and the unit.
- If we bust her,
she'll use it against us.
She owns me.
I'm going to prison.
- Listen to me.
The best thing we can do
right now
is to work this as quick
and clean as possible.
We build a case
that is so airtight,
her leverage won't matter.
What she says won't matter.
Dante, it won't matter.
OK?
Hear that.
♪
When you were in Tact,
were you ever pulled
into undercover work?
- No.
It's my first time.
My dad says I'm a fast learner.
- Your dad police?
- Nope.
- OK.
Once in, you listen.
You learn.
You gain trust.
We will give you
a new identity and backstory,
but the key is, you play
a version of yourself.
Things ever go south,
if you or a civilian
are ever in danger,
you call it.
No amount of drugs
is ever worth dying for.
Now, we don't know Hector
that well,
but we do know Gloria.
Dante?
Torres,
you handled Gloria, so...
- Gloria's smart, cautious.
She grew up rough
and learned to be that way.
She always dusted herself
with heat runs,
never took the same route twice
even going home.
She respects someone
who wants to make money,
not party or post on social,
so stay low,
eyes open.
- OK.
So what's my UC name?
- Nia Warren.
Where are you from?
- Originally,
Brownsville, Texas.
- Ah, well,
that's practically Mexico.
- Ah, yeah.
I crossed over a bit as a kid.
I know tacos, barbacoa,
al pastor, bistec, mole--
- Slow down.
OK, I get it.
[tense music]
[indistinct chatter]
- Kiana's been good.
She got a job at Mercado
as a server.
She's taking it slow.
Gloria and Hector seem
to like her so far.
- How are you holding up?
- Good. Good.
- Think I need a drink.
- Mm.
♪
- It looks like
Arucos gets product
in frozen food containers.
She saw Hector leave
with two marked buckets,
and we followed.
He brought them
to a residential house
owned by a known
Arucos dealer.
If we moved on it,
Cook would be burned.
- Right.
We got eyes on this dealer?
- Yes, sir.
- OK, so we know
Hector's in deep.
What about Gloria?
- Cook's been working her,
but she's not getting far.
- I'm closing out.
Anything I can help you with?
- No, I'm good. Thank you.
Close the door on your way out.
- Of course.
- Gloria's been guarded.
Friendly but guarded.
- Nia, how's it going?
- Good. Good.
I heard some rumors.
They're saying that Los Arucos
has a crew running here.
- Cook tried to pitch Gloria
on her cousin.
- Hector told me about it.
Said he's done time for it.
- I know Hector's--
- Gloria didn't take the bait.
She said she's never heard
of anyone
selling drugs out of Mercado.
Asked Cook
to please let her know
if she ever sees anything.
- OK, so Gloria is
being cautious.
She just needs more time.
- Or Hector's
running this solo.
- Hmm.
Yeah, that's possible.
- I do.
- Cook just needs
to stay under.
They'll show their hand.
- Let's go, girl.
So do I.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
With a little bit tahini
on an orange.
It's good.
- I've never had that.
That's nice.
- Oh,
then I will make you one.
- OK.
- Don't tell anybody else.
- Another round of Mezcal,
table five.
- Coming up.
Told you they'd like it.
- Mm-hmm.
[upbeat music playing]
- Look at Hector
with those spices.
- Hmm.
- Wonder what other
spices he knows.
- What you think?
He poisoned Jose?
- Just saying.
Hold on now.
- What?
- No way.
[camera clicks]
- What?
- You see this guy right here
on the corner?
- That's Pedro Campo.
When I was detailed
to Narcotics,
he was their priority target.
He's the main supplier
for the Campos Cartel.
That man's a stone-cold killer
right there.
- Hell yeah, he is.
Got alerts from every agency
in the book.
Campos Cartel, they're the ones
that torture their rivals
with hot irons, ain't they?
- When they're not
burying them alive, yeah.
- Ah.
Well, if they supplying Arucos,
no wonder they got
the purest dope.
Loop Sarge in.
- Yeah.
♪
- [speaking Spanish]
[tense music]
- Come. Come, sit.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
- She walked right past Campos.
- Hector's got to be Zibata.
- No. Wait for it.
♪
Yeah. Here we go.
- Stop playing el jefe
and get back to work.
♪
- Thank you.
Does his mouth ever shut?
- No. Apologies.
♪
- They stayed inside
for an hour.
Gloria is it.
She's running
the whole damn show.
And by the looks of it,
they got a huge supply
coming in.
♪
- We were able to slap
a tracker on Campos' car.
He's staying at his
girlfriend's place on Roscoe.
Narcotics is sitting on him
as we speak.
- According to Narcotics,
Campos doesn't even
come to town
unless there's a large shipment
to oversee,
like 100 bricks or more.
- We need eyes
in Gloria's office.
You think you can
get in there, Kiana?
- I know where she keeps
a spare key.
I can move after closing.
- Well, if she meets
Campos again,
it'd be great
to get her recorded.
- I'll get it done.
- All right, let's go.
[upbeat music playing]
♪
- Got a do-over.
Too much jalapeño
in the margarita.
- Mm.
Suburban gringos, right?
Tell them to go to Taco Bell,
order a Diet Coke,
or give me
their credit card number,
and I'll track them,
cut them up like hot peppers
in their fancy houses.
- Man, come on.
Just do it, Hector.
Por favor.
- Let's go.
♪
- I'll take care of these.
Be right back.
♪
- I don't understand.
- What?
- Gloria.
I don't understand why.
- Well, you keep forgetting
that her husband ran a DTO.
- Yeah, I know,
and he was abusive to her.
She didn't want
any part of this.
- Gloria made her choices.
You need to start
making yours as police.
Kiana's gonna get that camera
into that office tonight,
and we will be one step closer
to ending this.
- That was a busy night.
People loved Hector's pozole.
- Good.
That's good.
- Mm-hmm.
- Do you need a ride home?
- No.
I got to finish prepping.
- Well, that can wait
till tomorrow.
- I'd rather do it tonight.
I can lock up.
- Yeah, OK.
Yeah, good.
Thanks.
- Mm-hmm.
[tires screeching]
- What the hell was that?
[tense music]
Run this plate--Lincoln, Tom,
81, zero, Victor.
- Hold up. Hold up.
- Were you expecting someone?
- Nah.
- Hey, Gloria.
- OK, that's Roberto Rivas.
I know him.
He used to run
North Humboldt Park for Perez.
- Well, what do you think?
Gloria tried
to ice him out too?
- I don't know.
- Pedro Campos is in town.
Heard he was here.
And guess what.
He won't talk to me, only you.
[speaking Spanish]
- Pedro does what he wants.
- [chuckles]
That's a lie.
You shut me out.
I want back in tonight.
I was loyal to you and Rafael
for years, and what?
Now you don't trust me?
- Go home.
Sober up.
You don't want to do this.
- Yes, I do.
This is all I want.
I need money, Gloria.
You're letting me back in.
- Gun, gun.
- Wait.
[suspenseful music]
♪
She's got this.
- OK, Beto, you're gonna
walk out that door,
and you're never gonna
talk to me again.
You never knew me.
You never will,
because you mean nothing to me.
Do you understand?
Hmm?
♪
- Lawyered up.
He's more afraid
of the Campos Cartel
than he is of us.
[phone buzzes]
- Well, he should be.
Yeah, go ahead, Cook.
- Gloria just called.
She asked me questions,
tested me.
I think I'm in.
And she wants me
at Mercado at noon,
said that she needs
my help off-book.
She's never talked
to me like that.
Something must be on.
- OK, good. Be there.
We'll cover you.
- OK, we got movement
on Pedro Campos.
He just parked
at an outlet mall in Lockport.
- That's close to 55.
- That's Kilo Pipeline,
same route
Perez used to deliver product.
- Huh, must be why
Gloria put Cook in play.
- So shipment's coming in now.
Campos is waiting for delivery.
He'll inspect it,
join the driver,
and then deliver to Gloria.
- Uh-huh.
Kev, you and Adam
head to Lockport.
Get on Campos.
Let the tracker do the work.
Don't get burned.
Dante, you and Kim,
you're with me on Cook.
Let's go.
[suspenseful music]
[tense music]
♪
- Where we going?
- Not far.
♪
[engine turns over]
- Sarge, are you seeing this?
They're on the move,
headed east on 18th.
- All right, copy.
Follow.
I'll run parallel on 19th.
Hey, Adam, you got ears in?
- Yeah, go ahead, boss.
- Any movement on Campos?
- He's basically been holding
anchor since we got here.
Guessing he's waiting
on delivery.
- All right, copy.
Keep me updated.
- Yeah. You got it.
♪
- There's a pizza restaurant
on Clark called Micelli's.
You know it?
- No.
- Well, today is
your lucky day.
There's a black Nissan Altima
waiting for you
in the parking lot.
Keys are in there.
♪
You and the bag,
you get in the car,
and you start driving.
- OK.
Where am I going?
- I'll text you where.
- This is good.
That bag's got at least
a million in up-front cash,
and Gloria's exchanging it.
Hands on. She'll be complicit.
This is good.
- I'm putting my trust in you.
- I get it.
I won't mess up.
But what's in it for me?
- 2k and a lucrative future.
That's what you want, right?
- Yes.
Yes.
- Have you ever done
a heat run?
- Mm-mm.
- Drive like you keep
changing plans.
You hop on the freeway,
hop off two exits after,
drive for an hour,
then take another route.
- Got it.
Like how you never take
the same route twice, right?
Even going home?
- What's she doing?
- That's what
a heat run is, right?
♪
[tires squealing]
- Sarge, Gloria just made
a hard right on Talman.
I don't have eyes.
- I'm pinned in
by construction on 19th.
- Copy. I'll keep eyes.
- Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait.
Don't turn.
She pulled over.
We'll be made.
- OK.
♪
[tires squealing]
- [sighs]
How'd you learn
to fight like that?
- What? Like what?
- How you took down Beto,
unloaded that gun,
it looked military.
It looked police.
- Police?
My brother taught me
how to fight.
♪
- Hmm.
Are you police, Nia?
- Hell no.
What is this?
- You know, I knew a cop once.
He was a damn good liar.
He was good in bed too.
- What?
- Yeah.
He was working undercover
trying to bust my husband,
and I--I got him close.
I got him real close.
It was easy between us.
- Yeah?
- Yeah, I even...
[chuckles]
I even thought it was real,
thought I knew him.
You know,
but the problem was...
He was always wired up.
Always people listening.
♪
You see that,
and then it just starts
making me think, you know,
are there people listening
right now?
Are you safe?
Like now.
- I don't know
what you're talking about.
- I just wonder...
if anyone's listening
right now.
I wonder if he's listening.
- Dante, kill the feed.
- The cop?
The guy?
His name...
- Dante, kill the feed!
- Was Da--
- I just lost my feed.
Do you still have yours?
- Power went out. Stand by.
- She's made.
- We don't know that yet, OK?
Cook can handle it.
Just hold on.
- Do you know
Officer Dante Torres?
- No.
I don't know any goddamn cops.
I'm not a cop.
I'm just trying to make
some extra money.
That's all.
♪
- She's made.
- Dante.
[suspenseful music]
[bang]
♪
- [speaking Spanish]
[breathing heavily]
[dramatic music]
♪
[wolf howls]